An application for printer- and printer components generation.

# How to generate components

1. Create .xml-file with language info. (Put it in testData/generators/input/language.xml (standalone usage) or ../printerXMLs/%lang_name%.xml (when this project is a sub-module of printer-plugin)).
2. Create .xml-file with printer info. (Put it in testData/generators/input/printer.xml or in ../printerXMLs/printer.xml).
3. Create .xml-files for all significant structures in language. (Put them in testData/generators/input/components/ or in ../printerXMLs/components/)
4. Run generator

## Language-info should contain:

* Language name
* Language package
* Name and package of Element Factory Class
* Package of PSI Classes (Can be written manually, found & re-used or generated with [Grammar-Kit](https://github.com/JetBrains/Grammar-Kit))

## Printer-info should contain:

* **List of components as sub-nodes**. Each sub-node contains the following fields:
    - *name* : name of component class
    - *psiClass* : name of PSI Class 
    - *fromText* : name of element factory's method (e.g. we have createStatementFromText(..) method, you should out Statement to fromText field)
* **Language File info as sub-node:**
    - *fileClassName* : the same as *name* for components  - file-component name
    - *filePsiClass* : class that describes file of that language (e.g. PsiJavaFile)
* **Optional**
    - *specificImport* : if you needed to import something special
    - *defaultFromText* : if element factory is poor as Java one (JavaElementFactory) you can specify most common method for creating components.
  
## Component's xml contains:

* **as fields** :
    - *name*  - choose a name for the component (notice: "Component"-suffix adds automatically)
    - *psiComponentClass*  - PSI-Class
    - *createFromText*  - The same as in printer.xml
    - *specificImport*  - Use it if component requires some specific classes
    - *predecessors*  - Adds predecessors to the component class 
    - *isList*  - `false` by default. Use it when component is a list (e.g. parameter list).
    - *isFile*  - `false` by default. Use it when defining file component (*/components/langFile.xml)
* **as sub-nodes** : **_subtrees_** (e.g. IfStatement commonly has 3 subtrees: condition, then-branch, else-branch)
  Each **subtree** has the following fields:
    - *name* : whatever you want
    - *psiGetMethod* : the method current subtree can be gotten from the component with
          `val thenBranch = p.getThenBranch()   /* p is PsiIfStatement */`
          In the xml-file: `psiGetMethod="ThenBranch"`
    - *isRequired* : is subtree required for that component (e.g. In Java: `PsiIfStatement` should contain condition and then-branch, while presence of else-branch is not necessary)
    - *isCodeBlock* : `false` by default. Set when language has Java-like code blocks
    - *hasSeveralElements* : `false` by default. Use it when component has several elements but it's not a list:
          `x := read(); x := x + 1; write(x);`  - has several elements but it is not a list.
          `x := doSomething(a, b, c, d);`  - `a, b, c, d`  - has several elements either, but it's also a list.
          You also have to provide fold function for this type of subtrees. Use the following template:
          `<getCode hasSeveralElements="true" foldFunction="@place_your_code_here@" />`     
    - *isEverywhereSuit* : ````true```` by default. Means that current template could be placed everywhere for that component (e.g. In Java ````PsiReturnStatement```` either contains ````;```` at the end of it or not. We need to compare template's text with the old text in that place)
           - To provide checks you need use the following structure in xml: 
          `<isTemplSuit specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    - *getNewElement* : use it if only you want to override the code generated by default. The same is for the following sub-nodes.
          `<getNewElement specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    - *getTags* : 
          `< getTags specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    - *updateSubtrees* : 
          `<updateSubtrees specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    - *prepareSubtrees* : 
          `<prepareSubtrees specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    - *getTemplate* :
          `<getTemplate specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    - *specCode* : adds your code to the end of the file
          `<specCode specificCode="@place_your_code_here@" />`
    
### File component
* Name of xml-file : "langFile.xml"
* *psiComponentClass*  - Name of the class that specifies the file of current language (e.g. PsiJavaFile)
* *isFile* : set it to true
* *createFromText* : "File"
* *subtrees* : specify what file consists of (e.g. `PsiJavaFile` consists of a package, an import list and a class in terms of PSI  - one subtree per component)
